How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    	When you've created your document, written down your thoughts, 
	and saved the file, click "Next" to learn about some systems 
	that can help you create these versions of your files.
	Like Sarah said, there is a lot of research out there on reflection.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    	Now that you've learned about some version control systems, 
	and how they can help you save the history of a file, go add 
	the following question and your thoughts on it to 
	your reflections file.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    	Now you've learned about Git commits and thought about 
	good times to create commits, go add the following question 
	and your thoughts on it to your reflections file:

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

  	When you've updated your document, click "Next", 
	and an experienced Git user will share why version 
	control is useful to him.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    	Now that you've had some experience using Git yourself, 
	go add the following question and your thoughts on it 
	to your reflections file.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    	Now that you know how to return to a previous version 
	of your files using Git, go add the following question 
	and your thoughts on it to your reflections file.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    	Go add the following question and your thoughts on it 
	to your reflections file:
